1. 中英文项目摘要和关键词（已完成）
2. 绪论：研究背景，国内外研究现状，参考开题报告，两千字起：介绍liuzhenyi论文
3. 模拟软件介绍：iset3d，

共40面

五分之一是背景介绍：2000字


致谢一面


一摘要
This work explores the feasibility to directly execute high-level vision tasks using the raw sensor data (i.e., RAW image), by which we can completely bypass the Image Signal Processor (ISP) devised in digital cameras for decades. Due to the lack of large-scale RAW image datasets to train
robust RAW-domain vision models, we have developed a generative adversarial network (GAN) to transform existing abundant JPEG compressed RGB images to corresponding RAW-domain representations. We have also collected and labelled a small-scale RAW image dataset dedicated
for high-level detection and segmentation tasks. Experiments demonstrate the competitive efficiency of RAW-domain object detection and semantic segmentation over the conventional paradigm using RGB images. In addition, performing vision tasks using RAW images removes the need for ISP, which makes it attractive for devices and applications with stringent power and latency constraints. 



本文探讨了使用原始的传感器数据（即RAW图像）直接执行高级视觉任务的可行性。通过这种方法，我们可以避开数十年来在相机拍摄于图像处理中涉及到的图像信号处理过程（ISP）。由于缺乏用以训练RAW域视觉模型的大规模RAW图像数据集，我们开发了一种生成对抗网络（GAN），可以将大量的压缩成JPEG格式的RGB图像转换为对应的RAW域图像以此获得大规模RAW图像数据集。我们还收集并标记了专用的小规模RAW图像数据集用于高级检测和分割任务。经实验证明，与使用RGB图像进行视觉处理相比，RAW域的图像处理在对象检测和语义分割方面具有明显优势。另外一个优点是，使用RAW图像执行视觉任务消除了对图像信号处理过程（ISP）的需求，优化了功耗和时延方面的问题。











二目录安排：
1. 绪论
1.1 研究背景（原文的intro）
1.2 本文工作和贡献
1.3 本文结构

2. 相关工作
2.1 传统ISP 基础
2.2 RAW 图像处理

3. 研究方法
3.1 问题公式化
3.2 通过学习实现的invISP
3.3 RAW域视觉任务
3.4 Loss Function

4 实验
4.1 数据集
4.2 训练细节
4.3 结果

5 总结和讨论

致谢

参考文献












复现论文：
一、 背景介绍

S.J.D. Prince. Computer Vision: Models Learning and Inference. Cambridge University Press, 2012
CV
[15] algorithms mimic the cortical process of human visual system (HVS) to perceive the colors 

[3] Digital cameras have separated the imaging sensor and the ISP to enable different functionality 

This conventional paradigm has been massively deployed in existing large-scale image/video analytic infrastructure, such as event detection
and traffic monitoring [19].

 ultra low-latency applications since delay is inevitably introduced by the serial transformations in the ISP module [13].

Taking an On-semi ISP ( https://www.onsemi.com/) chip as an example, it requires approximately 0.033s to transform 
an input RAW image to its corresponding RGB representation,
 which is nearly 33% of the response time and imposes a critical impact in applications.

follow the CycleGAN [23] architecture to well capture the crossdomain characteristics. 

二、 本工作的贡献

1. 第一个sensor RAW image dataset with high-level detection and segmentation labels
与[21][2]这些low-level denoising 和KITTI raw images 不同

2. achieves comparable accuracy to the native solutions that use RGB images, while reducing latency and power consumption since our RAW-domain
processing completely bypasses the ISP


三、 相关工作
主要是关于ISP和RAW image processing
1. 
2. RAW： recent years have shown a number
of explorations on RAW image processing [10, 2, 21, 1].
3. Inverse：inverse ISP functions to reversely transform the existing abundant RGB images into corresponding RAW samples [10, 21, 2, 4, 14]. But most algorithms like “reverse
imaging pipeline” (a.k.a., InvGamma) [10] only utilized the
inverse gamma correction to simulate the nonlinear function and overlooked other important no



